[ML] [DOCS] expounding on ml autoscaling decider docs (#67463)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/autoscaling/deciders/machine-learning-decider.asciidoc

The {ml} decider is enabled for policies governing `ml` nodes.

NOTE: For {ml} jobs to open when the cluster is not appropriately
scaled, `xpack.ml.max_lazy_ml_nodes` should be set to the largest
number of possible {ml} jobs (see <<advanced-ml-settings>>). In
{ess} this is already handled.

[[autoscaling-machine-learning-decider-settings]]
==== Configuration settings

Both `num_anomaly_jobs_in_queue` and `num_analytics_jobs_in_queue`

> should be used to delay a scale up event. They indicate how many jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are designed to be used to delay a scale-up event. They indicate how many jobs
```

of that type can be unassigned from a node due to the cluster being
too small. Both settings are only considered for jobs that could
eventually be fully opened given the current scale. If a job is too

> large for ANY node size or if a job couldn't ever be assigned without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
large for any node size or if a job couldn't ever be assigned without
```

> user intervention (e.g. a user calling `_stop` against a real-time anomaly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user intervention (for example, a user calling `_stop` against a real-time {anomaly-job}
```

> detection job), the numbers are ignored for that particular job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
), the numbers are ignored for that particular job.
```
